# What do I want to learn or understand better? Consider e.g. teamwork, Scrum, agile processes, technologies etc?

I want to learn how to more effectively use git and github as a collaborative tool. Currently, there are a lot of different random commits everywhere, that make it hard to follow the progress of features and bugfixes. This can make it hard to follow the progress of the project, and the version control can sometimes be hard to use when trying to find a specific version of the software. Therefore I would like to become better at using git rebase and git merge to make the commit history more readable and easier to follow.

# What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? How can I help my team do better next sprint?

This week I have mostly been a support developer for a few features. Mostly I contributed to finally getting the database up and running, as well as helping with the implementation of the game creation feature. I also helped with the implementation of the authentication system for the service. I would have liked to work more on "my own" features, but being sick stopped a lot of that from happening. Therefore I hope to be able to contribute more next sprint by not being sick and working independently on features.

# Changes/improvements from last week's reflection?

I have not improved a lot since last week on account of time constraints as a result of being sick. I have however started working on and learning about our testing pipeline. Hopefully I will be able to improve more next week.
